# Part Of Speech Tagger for English

Only part I implemented is API support and advanced threshold value computation and Azure cognizant services for better prediction and training.

This project will live on www.sadakpramodh.azurewebsites.net/posTagger

You can use , rebuild and do more but if it is helpful please donate money it helps me to meet my needs and coding is a skill needs a lot of time.
<b>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
UPA : sadakpramodh@upi  <br>
Paypal : sadakpramodh@live.com   <br>
Aadhar : 5652 3088 8484  <br>
  <br>
<b>

This is a PHP + MySql Implementation of Eric Brill's Rule based part of speech tagger. This is a port of GPoSTTL from C to PHP, with certain modifications such as removal of unwanted lemmatizer. Distributed under the same license as GPoSTTL.


                License for GPoSTTL
               ====================

GPoSTTL is an enhanced version of Brill's rule-based Parts-of-Speech
Tagger with built-in Tokenizer and Lemmatizer by Golam Mortuza Hossain
<gmhossain at gmail.com>. GPoSTTL is licensed under the same terms as
the license of original Brill tagger. 

Certain components of GPoSTTL such as Tokenizer and Lemmatizer which
are not part of original Brill Tagger can also be optionally
redistributed and/or modified under the terms of GPL. Please see the
specific files for exact details.

License of original Brill Tagger
______________________________________________________________________

This software was written by Eric Brill.

This software is being provided to you, the LICENSEE, by the 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.) under the following 
license.  By obtaining, using and/or copying this software, you agree 
that you have read, understood, and will comply with these terms and 
conditions:  

Permission to [use, copy, modify and distribute, including the right to 
grant others rights to distribute at any tier, this software and its 
documentation for any purpose and without fee or royalty] is hereby 
granted, provided that you agree to comply with the following copyright 
notice and statements, including the disclaimer, and that the same 
appear on ALL copies of the software and documentation, including 
modifications that you make for internal use or for distribution:


Copyright 1993 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the
University of Pennsylvania.  All rights reserved.  

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND M.I.T. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS 
OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  By way of example, but not 
limitation, M.I.T. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF 
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.   

The name of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology or M.I.T. may NOT 
be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the 
software.  Title to copyright in this software and any associated 
documentation shall at all times remain with M.I.T., and USER agrees to 
preserve same.  
______________________________________________________________________


